hi and welcome to the yearly Christmas
message here from the land approach
taught at Island right well today we're
going to show you how to stroke cat now
many people are requested because they
can see how happy our cats are 30 others
you've got to get a cat there's
something like this it hangs nicely
myself feel about it just hangs around
and doesn't really do anything and when
they're ready to be stroked up making
noise something along the lines of code
again it's going to go go startups got
to start out
anyway you wanted to be fairly flexible
able to do this kind of sore thing now
the first stroke I'm going to teach you
today is called the eight then we look
here we go one two three put it back one
two three pull it back one two three put
it back one two three okay and then we
do the exercise stroke of course now you
can't need to be very relaxed just lies
back like this my baggage and really and
one two three four 1234 1234 clap clap
clap clap 1234 1234 and then of course
we got the total head immersion one here
is a big favorite of the kitten this is
big boy while a big boy king
and we just sort of to do that they need
because it secret but um look and here's
mummy hello Mike could come over here be
look into the camera right now show you
a big porn movie cool now this is this
is how to do the massage show 1234 1234
ok and say yeah happy New York and will
you be happy New Year to everybody
waiting you happy happy oh yeah no cash
try this cake we just got one last
massage technique is this called cat in
a basket and you can see why it's called
cat in a basket you see it's quite
fluffy isn't it anyway just a quick note
to say Happy New Year to everybody and
as well and it's time for my salary say
hello to the camera sure and this is my
jacket yeah the key key key key key not
say good bye bye bye see you Mike if it
no just a stroke your head wound isn't
it
you